English Premier League leaders Manchester City turned on the style with a 3-1 win over Manchester United in their derby clash on Sunday.  The result left Pep Guardiola’s unbeaten side two points clear of Liverpool at the top. A long season remains for Manchester City to prove again their dominance in the English Premier League. But, there is no doubt at all about who are the top dogs in the city of Manchester. It was not until the 86th minute, when substitute Ilkay Gundogan finished off a 44-pass move for City’s third that the outcome was decided. But when it came to the quality of their football, their passing, movement, organisation, individual flair and pace, Manchester City were in a different league from Jose Mourinho’s side. Manchester United are now 12 points behind Manchester City, languishing in eighth place. That gap was evident throughout this encounter where Manchester United could offer little more than determination and effort in response to the smooth and stylish display from the champions. David Silva fired Manchester City ahead in the 12th minute after a Raheem Sterling cross from the left was turned back across the goal by Bernardo Silva. The Spaniard took his time before blasting home. For the rest of the half, Cape Town City were comfortable in possession, probing but not overly threatening Manchester United’s goal. They were seemingly content to wait for a response from Mourinho’s men. But in just the third minute after the interval, Manchester City doubled their lead. Aguero burst goalwards to play a clever exchange with Riyad Mahrez, before thumping the ball, from a tight angle, past David de Gea. Mourinho brought on Romelu Lukaku for Jesse Lingard in the 57th minute and within seconds the Belgian forward helped get his team back in the game. Lukaku was brought down inside the area by Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson and French forward Anthony Martial confidently converted the spot kick. But it was a false dawn, as Manchester United came back from two goals down to win this fixture. last season. They showed similar character in their UEFA Champions League win at Juventus on Wednesday. But they did not have the tools to open up Manchester City nor keep their own rearguard secure. Four minutes from the end City secured the victory, their 10th in 12 games this season, when the outstanding Bernardo Silva picked out German Gundogan in the area. The German made no mistake as he made it 3-1.