Some industry experts say the visit of the Canadian Gov.-General, Julie Payette, is an indication of the Canadian government’s willingness to increase trade and Investment partnership with Nigeria. The experts spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The Canadian Gov.-General, Julie Payette, accompanied by some Canadians government officials, members of the parliament and business community visited Nigeria on Oct. 29 and 30. The visit was to deepen bilateral relations between Nigeria and Canada in the areas of trade and commerce, education, security as well as science and space technology. Mr Muda Yusuf, the Director-General of Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), said that every country was seeking new partnerships and strengthening existing relationships in view the new issue of trade protectionism. He said that Nigeria and Canada were members of the Commonwealth and many opportunities existed to deepen the existing cooperation toward building a mutually beneficial relationship. According to him, immigration policy of both countries should complement objectives of promoting trade and Investment toward boosting their global trade competitiveness. Mr Charles Osazuwa, the Vice-President, Business Development, JobMinders Incorporation, Canada, said that Payette’s visit indicated that Nigeria’s business environment was becoming attractive to businesses. He said that upscaling the capacity of the citizens would assist Nigeria to leverage more on partnerships and Investments after the visit. Mr Daniel Igali, President, Nigeria Wrestling Federation, said that deeper camaraderie was forged from the interactions between delegates of both countries. Igali is also the Vice-President, Commonwealth Wrestling Board, and a Nigerian-Canadian that won Olympic gold medal for Canada in Sydney 2000, said that the visit would not just impact on trade alone, but also sports. “The Gov.-General is an average sports person, she understands sports and when I was there, we discussed sports alot and she is looking at how Canada and the Commonwealth can do more to support third world countries,” he said. In 2017, Nigeria was Canada’s largest bilateral trading partner in Sub-Saharan Africa, with bilateral merchandise trade totaling 1.47 billion dollars. Canadian annual merchandise imports from Nigeria totalled 1.04 billion dollars and its main imports consist of mineral fuels and oils, cocoa, rubber, lead and processed foods. Canada’s annual exports to Nigeria totalled 434.6 million dollars. Canada exports a wide range of products including wheat, manufacturing equipment, software, aircraft and cars.