The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Garba Shehu says it is “too risky and dangerous” for power to return to the Peoples Democratic Power (PDP) in 2019.  Garba said this at an event organised by Buhari Media Organisation in commencement of campaigns for the Feb. 16, 2019 Presidential Election. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had on Jan. 9 released the timetable and schedules of activities for the 2019 general elections. According to him, the PDP has not shown remorse for what they had done and had not admitted their mistakes and has not taken steps to address those mistakes. “They want to compound matters for Nigeria. It is too dangerous and risky for power to return to PDP,” Garba said. He said President Muhammadu Buhari would win “clean and square” on the basis of the record that the administration had achieved. “In 2015, we ran on the basis of promises, majorly insecurity, anti-corruption and repositioning of the economy on all of these three counts, he has achieved 90 per cent. “The time has come that we are going to unfold to the nation, all achievements and Nigerians will not make the mistake of taking us back to where we were in 2015. “This election is going to be a tough one but Buhari is going to win. “Don’t mind the noise, don’t mind all the propaganda. Buhari will come back. He has done it before, he is doing it now. He is going to do it for the country again,” he said. The spokesman added that the president was rebuilding the country saying this was not a time to change a president. “He must be allowed to complete the good work he had started. “Whatever they say, he has minimally 12 to 14 million votes coming from masses in elections. This is not going to change in 2019. “This election will be a work-over for him,” he said. Chairman, Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Sen. Sabi Abdullahi said 2019 would be about “truth and falsehood, reality and illusions.” “For me, these two choices are not difficult to choose from. Obviously, we know where we are coming from. “We are coming from a period in time which people just did anything they wanted to. “Today, we are having a different government under our President who is definitely taking things the way they should be. “We had a very serious infrastructural deficit and because of that our productivity is extremely low. “The most sensible thing for anybody to do and which this government is doing creditably is to focus on infrastructure,” Abdullahi said. On her part, the National Coordinator for Women for Buhari and Osinbajo, Fatima Adams said women must support the president for continuity. “Women must mobilise for President Buhari for the future of our children,” she added. Earlier, Chairman, Buhari Media Organisation, Mr Niyi Akinsiju said Buhari had built a new foundation for governance with the change mantra.