The first premium ultra-modern entertainment centre in Lekki, Lagos, ‘Twinwaters’ has officially unveiled its entirety of luxury experiences. The entertainment centre is the latest addition to the exclusive collection of luxury leisure centres in the world today. Twinwaters has brought first of its kind opulence to Lagos, with each experience purposefully built to delight every category of its bespoke guests. The entertainment centre is a 2,100sqm development overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. The avant-garde centre is equipped with valet parking services, highly trained security personnel and upscale customer service, offering a variety of luxury family-friendly activities. Twinwaters features two fine dining restaurants – Chai Tang, a Chinese dinner, and 788 On The Sea, serving premium seafood. It also features one American-style restaurant and sports bar, a rooftop bar/lounge, and The Maradiva, an events centre catering for all types of functions. Twinwaters is also host to Rufus & Bee, an ultra‑modern gaming arcade, inclusive of bowling alley. The centre is also poised to become a tourist attraction for Lagos State, due to the outstanding beauty of its architecture, the ocean view, and the fact that it comprises the only premium gaming centre in Nigeria. While officially introducing Twinwaters to the public, Angela Okonmah, Twinwaters’ Chief Operating Officer said “We are excited to announce to all fun-lovers in Lagos that the five floors of luxury at Twinwaters are now officially open. Our entertainment centre is arguably the first of its kind in Lagos, and sets the standard for combining grand experiences and fun, giving people longing for entertainment options in Lagos, a wonderful opportunity to have all their needs catered to in one building.” The brand’s dream is to redefine fun and luxury in Lagos by providing an international standard of leisure, gaming, shopping, and dining. Twinwaters has also just unveiled a new cinema within its premises, completing the package of a fun experience. Twinwaters is certainly set to dominate the leisure industry in Nigeria.