The Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) has urged regulatory agencies in the petroleum industry to clearly define and harmonise their responsibilities to enhance sustainable economic growth. Dr Okey Akpa, Chairman, Petroleum Product Sectoral Group of MAN gave the advice during interactive session among regulatory agencies on Thursday in Lagos. The session was organised by MAN in collaboration with National Environmental Standards Regulatory and Enforcement Agency (NESREA) and National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA), Akpa said the Group had received been increasing complaints from its members bordering on regulations, monitoring and compliance. “We are making this appeal to ensure that operators are not over burdened with the same regulatory requirements from different agencies,” he said. According to him, there is an increasing overlapping function of regulatory agencies and this is hindering operations and growth in the industry. Also, Adesoji Fagbemi, Sub-group chairman of the Petroleum Product Sectoral Group,noted that there were too many requirements regarding engaging consultants approved only by agencies, thus leading to duplication of costs. Dr Lawrence Anukam, Chief Executive Officer, NESREA, said that the agency was conscious of concern raised by manufacturers and was exploring ways to collaborate with other stakeholders to address the issues raised. Anukam said that activities of the agency focused on protection of the environment by ensuring that manufacturers did the right thing in the area of waste disposal into the environment. Also, Director-General of NOSDRA, Peter Idabor, said that the agency was established in 2006 as an institutional framework to coordinate the implementation of the National Oil Spill Contingency Plan (NOSCP) for Nigeria. He said that the plan was in accordance with the International Convention on Oil Pollution Preparedness, Response and Cooperation (OPRC 90) to which Nigeria was a signatory. Idabor, who was represented by Daniel Okoromu of the Lagos Zonal Office of NOSDRA, said that the agency had been “intensely occupied“ with ensuring compliance with environment legislation in the petroleum sector in the downstream, midstream and upstream sector. Idabor said that the agency would beam searchlight on the retail end of the downstream sector, by monitoring spills across many fuel stations.