Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State says his administration has evolved multi-dimensional and sustainable solutions toward saving the state from flooding and its attendant problems.  He made this known in Ibadan on Thursday during the inauguration of an ultra-modern office complex for Ibadan Urban Flood Management Project (IUFMP). Our correspondent reports that IUFMP, in the past, operated from a section of the Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Matters Building located at the state government secretariat. The governor said IUFMP is an eight-year World Bank-Assisted Project aimed at finding a permanent solution to the problem of flooding and other environmental challenges. “IUFMP is a project of many parts, made up of both structural and non-structural interventionist programmes, all geared toward resolving the untold suffering experienced by the populace during past flood events. “Unlike the piecemeal efforts of previous administrations, IUFMP touches on the various dimensions of factors and issues that predispose Ibadan to frequent flooding,” he said. Ajimobi recalled the flood disaster of August 26, 2011, describing it as a highly devastating incident with very grave impact on lives and properties, both private and public. He said that four out of the major hydraulic structures damaged by the 2011 flood disaster had been rebuilt to world-class standard and inaugurated for use under the project. The governor said that the projects were located at Shasha-Osajin and Ola-Adua in Ido Local Government Area, as well as Cele-Rainbow and Ogbere Pegba in Oluyole Local Government Area. The governor said that construction work was in progress at the next set of 13 priority sites located in different parts of the city. He said that another remarkable task being undertaken by IUFMP was the rehabilitation of the 76 year-old Eleyele Dam in Ibadan. “I make bold to say that since the dam was constructed in 1942, this is the first major and comprehensive rehabilitation it is experiencing. “The rehabilitation work at Eleyele Dam is to boost its water-holding capacity, enhance its potential for potable water supply, as well as checkmate dam failure and the attendant catastrophic effects,” he said. Earlier, Mr Adedayo Ayorinde, IUFMP Project Director, appreciated the Ajimobi-led administration for its people-oriented programmes, especially in curbing flood and its destructive tendencies. He said that the construction of the office building was another indication that the governor would do anything to make flooding  history in Ibadan. “The decision to construct this building is another testament to the present administration’s unprecedented commitment to a comprehensive and sustainable solution to perennial flooding which had become part of Ibadan history. “It is, therefore, a dream come true that this purpose-built edifice has been erected and it is being commissioned to make the working environment of our people conducive,” he said. Our correspondent reports that the office complex inaugurated by the governor has  a work-friendly environment that would conveniently accommodate 30 specialists, consultants and support staff.