The National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) says it has expanded its areas of coverage by setting up three new directorates and 20 new branches across the country.  The Head, Commissioner Directorate, Alhaji Abdulrasaaq Abdusalami, told the our reporter on Tuesday in Lagos that the new directorates had brought the total directorates of the commission to nine. Abdusalami said: ‘’The new directorates include: Commissioner for Insurance Directorate, Lagos office Directorate, Legal and Liquidation Directorate.’’ He explained that the Supervision and Inspectorate Directorates were merged to become Inspectorate Directorate. Abdusalami said that the Authorisation and Policy Directorate was also split into two separate Directorates, namely: Policy/Regulation Directorate and Corporate Governance, Enforcement and Compliance Directorate. He added that the exercise was part of the efforts by the commission to provide better service delivery. According to him, the commission has expanded its network by creating 20 additional states branches across the six geopolitical zones. “Also, four out of the existing five zonal offices, which are Enugu, Ilorin, Port Harcourt and Kano, have been converted to branch offices, bringing the total states branch offices to 24. It was reported that Mrs Adeshola Obeya, was also appointed as the Acting Secretary to the commission. Abdusalami said that following the exercise, the following personnel had been posted to head the respective Directorates, saying all changes and appointments were with immediate effect. “Malam Adamu Balanti, Head, Lagos Office; Mr Olufemi Oba, Head, Finance Accounts; Mr Barineka Thompson, Head Inspectorate, while Mr Pius Agboola, Heads Policy and Regulation. “Mr Habila Amos, Head, Administration and Human Resources; Mr Leonard Akah, Head, Corporate Governance, Enforcement and Compliance. “Dr Talmiz Usman, Legal and Liquidation, Mr Adewale Motayo, Head, Research, Statistics and Strategy, while Mr Abdulrasaaq Abdusalami, Head Commissioner’s Office,” he said.