Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman of Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has called for regulations and successful deployment of 5G network to foster economic development.  Danbatta made the call on the side-lines of a workshop themed “Future of Industry, Driving Innovation and Growth’’ organised by Global System Mobile Association (GSMA) in collaboration with NCC in Abuja. The workshop brought together leaders from across the telecommunications industry and policymakers to discuss future regulations in the industry and push for consensus on reforms. “The telecom industry is a key enabler of productivity across economies and societies. “It is not only a significant contributor to economic activities of a Nation, but also towards the growth of other sectors of the economy. “The proposed 5G networks are the next generation of connectivity in the telecommunications industry, offering faster speeds and more reliable connections on smart phones and other devices than ever before,’’ he said. According to the NCC boss, it is imperative that issues of telecommunications be taken seriously to foster innovation and growth in the industry. Danbatta noted that the factors hindering growth in the sector were policies, regulations and performance of networks and called for adequate measures to address them. Similarly, Mr Akinwale Goodluck, Head of Sub-Saharan Africa, GSMA said Nigeria had always been in the forefront of development and should play a leadership position in the deployment of 5G services. “Mobile connectivity has already improved the welfare of millions of Nigerians, opening doors to new digital possibilities and powering the country’s economic development. “For Nigeria to take full advantage of the next phase of its digital transformation, it is vital that collaboration between industry and government enables the right policy environment for millions more to benefit from ultra-fast mobile broadband. “If policies do not keep pace with the needs of society and technological innovation, there is a risk that citizens will be left behind and productivity and competitiveness will suffer,’’ Goodluck said. Our correspondent reports that the 5G network is expected to support a significantly faster mobile broadband speed and heavier data usage than previous generations while enabling full potential of the internet of things. Stakeholders at the workshop include Mr Sunday Dare, Executive Commissioner, Stakeholder Management, Mr Gbenga Adebayo, Chairman, Association of Licensed Telecom Operators of Nigeria, Oluwatosin Bamidele, Chief Technical and Information Officer of Ntel, among others.