The Ogun State Area Command of the Nigeria Customs Service has seized 5,103 bags of foreign rice, 51 smuggled vehicles and 102 kegs of Premium Motor Spirit popularly known as petrol among others within one month.  The Controller of the Area Command, Michael Agbara stated this on Tuesday at the Idiroko border office of the command. Agbara stressed that the federal government has just released a Toyota Armoured Personnel Carrier to the command, to tackle smugglers and tame smuggling activities. Agbara while giving other seizures made within the period, he added that 135 kegs of vegetable oil, 33 bags of sugar, 102 kegs of Premium Motor Spirit popularly known as petrol, and 300 pairs of foot wears and 76 bales, second shoes, ladies’ handbags. He said all these seizures have a total payable value of N370.8m. His words; “I am happy to inform you that within the period of under review we have been able to collect a revenue totally Four hundred thirty seven million, eight hundred and sixty one naira only for the month of May 2018. “On the anti-smuggling front, we have done very well, we have made total seizes of 51 vehicles, comprising  19 tokunbo which includes 2018 ford ranger valued about 64million, it was smuggled through our bush pass and we apprehended it, we also have 32 seizures of means of conveyance. “Also in the period rice has become a problem, the Nigeria government once improved  local production, but the buglers are bent on working against that, but we are equal to the task, we told them it cannot be done, we will take the fight to them. “In the period under review, we have seized 5103 bags of 50kg foreign rice, we seized 135 kegs of vegetable oil, 33 bags of sugar, 102 kegs PMS, equally second hand clothes 76 bales, second shoes, women hand bags etc. The Controller said the most spectacular seizure of the month was a brand new Range Rover 2018/2019 model seized in Abeokuta axis of the command, with a duty payable value of N64.2m. Agbara, however, the command would soon evacuate seized bags of rice, vegetable oil, bags of sugar, shoes and second-hand clothes from its Idiroko and Abeokuta warehouses for onward delivery to Internally Displaced Persons in Borno State. Also within the same period, Agbara said the command generated a total revenue of N437.8m. He said, “We are elated to inform you that our success story is incomplete without mentioning the support and cooperation we are receiving from Nigerian Army, Nigeria Police, Department of State Services, National Drug Law and Enforcement Agency among others. “We have done well in this period, we’ll continue doing that. This is a red flag for the smugglers, they should desist from those activities and allow our own local industries to grow, we gathered that unemployment youths are bound in Nigeria, yet they empower other counties instead of our own. “We are equal to the task, government is equipping us, we have armour personnel carrier that was just allocated to my command, they also send us trucks which will ease evacuation and we also expecting some patrol vehicles. With this they should know Ogun state has become too hot for them, they should desist and change, that is the appeal am making to them.” Agbara equally called on the traditional rulers and eminent personalities in the state to discourage their people who aid, and perceive smuggling as means of livelihood.