The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, on Thursday said the late Wale Aboderin, Chairman of Punch Newspapers, was an architect of democratic discourse aimed at creating a better nation.  In a tribute in Lagos, Tinubu also described the deceased  as a guardian of every person’s right to freely express themselves. A copy of the tribute was made available to newsmen in Lagos by Tinubu’s Media Officer, Mr Tunde Rahman, Our correspondent reports that Aboderin died on May 30 at the age of 60 after a heart surgery at the First Cardiology Consultants, Ikoyi, Lagos. According to him, Aboderin’s life and the manner he lived it are examples to young journalists and to all who believe in the pursuit of excellence through truth. ”This good man left us much too soon. Wale reached the height of his profession. ”But, he never lost touch of the noble objective of his mission: to enlighten and educate the people. ”He contributed mightily to the growth of journalism in Nigeria. “This means he stood as a guardian of every person’s right to freely express themselves and as an architect of democratic discourse aimed at creating a better nation. ”To all who knew his work, he was among the noteworthy and prominent figures in Nigerian journalism. “His contributions to life at both the personal and professional levels were vast and profound. ”Affable and humble but hardworking and accomplished, Wale strived for excellence in all he did. This made him a unique and rare person. ”He was not satisfied by the ordinary or the average. He was not one to follow the crowd. “He was one who always sought the truth and who mandated his newspaper to publish it and never concealed it, ” he said. Tinubu said the late Aboderin had a courageous heart and a sterling principle as he would not run away from confrontation if anyone tried to abridge his right to print as he saw fit. ”Aboderin had a generous and kind spirit, he was not one to look for confrontation. ”He was our brother and friend. He was a leading and bright light whose humanity and love of people were nothing short of inspiring and contagious. ”He truly cared about the people around him and those who somehow crossed his path. Innate kindness was evident in all he did. ”Through our sorrow at his passing, we must also realise that we have indeed been blessed to know such a rare and decent man. ”Wale, we shall miss you greatly and your place can never be filled; but we will do the best we can by trying to live up to your example. ”Truly, this was a good man who left us much too soon.
Farewell, dear Wale. Farewell,”he said.