The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, says women have all it takes to make a difference in politics and governance.  Adebule spoke when she received the APC Lagos Women Wing, led by the woman leader, Mrs Jumoke Okoya-Thomas, at Alausa, Ikeja, on Thursday. She, however, lamented the low participation of women in the electoral process and politics. According to her, this is not a good signal for the growth of democracy and good governance. She urged APC women leaders to work towards balancing the participation of females and males in politics in the state. ”We need to inspire more women to consider a career in politics. ”We need to mobilise them, equip them with the tools and techniques to get elected and to inform them of the benefits of becoming more politically active. ”As women, we have what it takes to make a difference in politics and governance. “We need to continue to remind our women that if they are not in, they can not get elected or get political positions. ”We need to work with women across the state and mobilise them for the 2019 general elections. This should be our top priority. ”I urge us to mobilise more women and stimulate their interest in politics, especially at the grassroots in our various Local Government and Local Council  Development  Areas,” she said. Adebule said that the state government was one of the states in the country promoting the 35 per cent affirmative action for women – a policy that demands 35 per cent involvement of women in all governance processes. ”Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode has been engaging more women in the highest policy organ of the state government. ”This is because he realised the place of women in the growth and development of the state,” Adebule said. Earlier, Okoya-Thomas called for  increased involvement and incorporation of women into governance in the state. ”There is the need to making more women increasingly visible in governmental positions in the state. ”We believe that more diversity will lead to more robust decision making and to policies which represent and reflect the needs of the entire population,” she said.