The  President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration will continue to secure the country, upgrade its infrastructure and ensure that its wealth  is not hijacked by a greedy few,  Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo, has said.  Osinbajo gave this assurance on Tuesday during a one-day working visit to Zamfara State where he was received by Gov. Abdulaziz Yari. A statement by Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Office of the Acting President, in Abuja, said that Osinbajo inaugurated projects executed by the state government. The projects were listed as the upgraded 150-bed General Hospital in Bakura Local Government Area (LGA) and the Water Works project at Gamji village. Others are a 12.8 kilometre road project in the same community and a Modern Primary School in Talata Mafara. “The Buhari Administration will continue to work to secure the country, upgrade its infrastructure, and ensure that the wealth of the country is not hijacked by a greedy few, but is instead used for the benefit of everyone, with special emphasis on the least-privileged”. On the invasion of communities, especially in the state by armed bandits, Osinbajo assured the people that the Federal Government would sustain the tempo of its fight against all forms of criminality across the country. “I would like to reiterate the total determination of the Federal Government to support and work with the State Government to permanently deal with and defeat these challenges, and to ensure that Zamfara remains a promising land of agriculture, commerce, tourism and hospitality. “This fight will of course not be won until every hotspot and flashpoint in Nigeria is freed and secured. Every Nigerian life matters and we will not relent in our efforts to completely subdue the perpetrators of bloodshed and violence. “Let me reassure all that we will keep up the tempo, and will continue to provide all the needed support to our law enforcement agents as they work hard to restore peace and security.” The acting president commended the Zamfara State government for its resilience and determination in providing for the people through important projects and programmes despite the challenge of insecurity. On the activities of illegal miners in the state, Osinbajo said the Federal Government was committed to charting a new future, free of poisoning and exploitation for Zamfara and all other affected parts of the country. “We owe it to our children and future generations, to bequeath to them an environment that will support, not undermine their dreams and aspirations. “Our dream of building a prosperous Nigeria that will take its rightful place in the midst of the global community of states, cannot be realized in a state of acrimony, primordial divisions, and prejudiced thinking,” the acting president said. Osinbajo was accompanied on the visit by the Minister of Defence, Mansur Dan-Ali, APC’s Deputy National Chairman North, Lawal Shuaibu and other top government officials.