Nigerian signer,Oluwatosin Oluwole Ajibade, popularly known as Mr Eazi’s new single entitled ‘Property’, dominated searches on the internet search engine, Google, this week.  Google’s spokesman, Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, made the disclosure in a dispatch  to our reporter on Thursday in Lagos. According to him, the top trending search terms on Google Nigeria this week revolve around entertainment and sports news. Kola-Ogunlade noted that the singer poured out his heart to his girlfriend, Temi Otedola, in the song. “The long-awaited single comes in the wake of several months of silence, and has ignited a debate on social media following a poll Mr Eazi put up asking fans if they would be willing to put all their property in their spouse’s name. “Fans took to Google search to read more about the new EP, making ‘Mr Eazi Property’ a top trending search term,” he said. The Google manager said that the news of former professional footballer, Carl Ikeme’s retirement also trended. “Last Friday, former professional footballer, Carl Ikeme, announced his partial retirement from active football. “The 32-year-old has recently gone into remission from the leukemia he was diagnosed with a year ago. His retirement comes after medical advice that playing would pose a threat to his health in the future. “Following the announcement, the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) offered Ikeme a role in the technical crew of the Super Eagles. “Excited fans of the former footballer raced to Google search to read more about Ikeme’s achievements, recovery and the NFF offer,” he said. He noted that members of the House of Assembly in Benue State have confirmed that eight of 30 lawmakers on Monday served an impeachment notice to Gov. Samuel Ortom. He said that the incident sparked condemnation across the country on alleged breach of democratic culture, adding that concerned citizens took to Google search to read more about the development. The manager also noted that an American singer, songwriter, actor, and record producer, Nicholas Jerry Jonas, was reportedly engaged to his girlfriend of three months – Indian actress, Priyanka Chopra. “Jonas and Chopra have neither publicly commented on nor confirmed their engagement yet. “As soon as news of the engagement broke, fans turned to Google to search for more news about the rumored engagement,” he said. It was reported that Google Trends launched in May 2006, allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been overtime on Google.