The Director General of the National Orientation Agency (NOA), Dr Garba Abari, has called on elected public officers to interact with the citizens to  sustain democracy.  Abari made the call during a one-day forum on “Citizens Conversation with Elected Public Officials”, organised by NOA in collaboration with Konrad Adenauer Foundation in Owerri on Tuesday. Abari was represented by the Director of Political and Civic Education, Ethics and Values, NOA, Dr Ngozi Ekeoba. He said interaction was necessary for increased participation in governance to bridge the gap between elected officials and citizens while promoting good governance. He said it would also provide an avenue to render account of stewardship and engender trust. Abari said the event was organised with a view to creating a platform where government representatives could hear from the people while promoting transparency and accountability. He said it would equally provide a platform for public education and sensitisation. He advised citizens to desist from making personal demands on elected officials to enable them to effectively perform their duties in the interest of development. Earlier, the Imo Director of NOA, Mr Vitus Ekeocha, expressed the hope that the event would highlight the importance of consultation and conversation between constituents and elected officials. He said citizens were expected to have their say in everything affecting their lives but that the reverse had been the case as representatives hardly consulted the people to know their stand and desires before taking vital or crucial decisions. The Keynote Speaker and President, Center for Peace Across Borders, Mr  Wisdom Durueke, in a paper on “Effective Representation by Elected Public Officers and Citizens’ Participation in Governance”, said representation was ineffective unless it was accountable. He said that for representation to be effective, elected public officers must put in place a “political feedback mechanism” for carrying the public along on governance processes and issues and obtain their inputs. Durueke regretted that the demand for accountability was often seen as an accusation for corruption, noting that corruption would reduce drastically where accountability was enshrined. He also frowned at the unwillingness of public officials to give account of their offices to the citizens. He identified the need for partnership between the government and elected public officers under the platform of town unions and associations. Durueke said this would help in identifying, designing, locating and executing constituency projects while providing effective monitoring and evaluation of the projects. He called for the periodic assessment of the performance of elected representatives and publishing of results. Contributing, the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Dasuki Galadanchi, stressed the need for accountability on the part of public officials.