The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Sen. Udoma Udo Udoma has reiterated the Federal Government’s commitment to implement the various strategies in the Economic Recovery and Growth plan (ERGP).  Udoma said this in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media, Mr James Akpandem on Thursday in Abuja. Udoma spoke while addressing the Joint Planning Board/National Council on development Planning (JPB/NCDP) meeting in Abeokuta. It was reported that the strategies in the ERGP aims to address  the issues of macroeconomic stabilisation,  agriculture and food security, transportation, energy and industrialisation in the country. It was also reported that JPB/NCDP meetings are platforms for State Commissioners, Permanent Secretaries, and other relevant stakeholders to discuss with each other about the Nigerian economy. It is also an avenue for stakeholders to keep abreast of developments by hearing from development experts on topical economic issues. The theme for this year’s meeting was “Accelerating Implementation of the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan: the Role of Stakeholders.” According to the minister, a faithful implementation of the plan will help government deliver a resilient and more prosperous economy where we grow what we eat and consume what we make. He said in spite of the concerns expressed in the implementation of the plan, the President Muhammadu Buhari’s led-administration was committed toward ensuring its implementation. “The ERGP is conceived as a comprehensive medium term plan to address the fundamental problems of the country and place the economy on the path of diversified, sustainable and inclusive growth. “And many innovations are already being introduced to achieve faster results.’’ The minister expressed the hope that the JPB/NCDP meeting would generate more and new ideas that would help implementation of the Plan. He expressed delight that implementation of the ERGP was already yielding positive results, while stating that there was an urgent need to intensify work on the plan to achieve Nigeria’s dream. Udoma noted that since the adoption of the ERGP, the JPB/NCDP had been utilised to examine ways of facilitating the delivery of its objectives. He urged further commitment from all stakeholders to ensure that the Plan achieved its set goals and targets. The statement also quoted Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as saying “the realisation of the goals of the ERGP would require the active participation of the sub-national governments.’’ The statement said Osinbajo was represented by the Minster of Budget and National Planning. The Vice President commended states that had already adopted a number of the initiatives being promoted in the Plan. He called on other states that had not done so to key into the implementation of the Plan, saying, “it is the only way we can together guarantee a better future. “At the Federal level, our commitment is never in doubt, we will definitely not relent until the majority of the citizens feel the impact of our efforts.’’