The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) says proper coordination is essential for effective emergency/disaster response.  The General Manager of LASEMA, Mr Adesina Tiamiyu, said this on Tuesday, during the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) 2018 Quarterly Stakeholders’ Meeting. The theme of the meeting is ”Coordination: An Integral Tool In Emergency/Disaster Response”. Tiamiyu said that an emergency response system was a multi-disciplinary concept comprising information technology, social communication networks of multi-agency and organisational designs. He said that the complexity of the response system and vulnerability resulting to countless emergencies/disasters required robust planning and coordination. According to him, such robust planning and coordination would ensure effective and efficient disaster management towards saving of lives and property. ”Lack of coordination among stakeholders has been recognised as a crucial hidden problem which has been principally ignored. ”It is accepted as one of the most important challenges that may impede responding agencies in achieving success towards effective and efficient emergency/disaster management. ”Hence, effective preparedness requires close coordination among stakeholders. ”Effective coordination itself implies the understanding of stakeholders, regarding each other’s roles and responsibilities before an emergency occurs. ”This understanding is achieved through coordination of services and activities amongst different stakeholders,” he said. The General Manager said that emergency organisations needed comprehensive understanding of the roles of the different emergency sectors. According to him, this will help in scheduling tasks and ensuring the proper management of emergency activities. Tiamiyu said that such understanding was also essential to minimise duplication of service and facilitate communication. He said that the rising cases of natural and anthropogenic incidents required the deployment of incident resources and personnel from multi-agencies with a different scope and protocols. According to him, the different scope and protocol must be adequately harnessed through proper coordination for safety and restoration of the environment towards ensuring business continuity. Earlier, Hyginus Omeje, Lagos State Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), called on emergency responders to have the right attitude for collaboration. Omeje said that collaboration would ensure that lives and property were saved. He said that FRSC believed that prevention was better than cure, hence, the Corp engaged on sensitisation to prevent emergencies/disasters. ”There is need to address the issue of onlookers, as they prevent swift response to emergencies,” Omeje said.