The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) has advised business owners in Oyo State to ensure that they adhere to international best practices in their daily operations.  The Oyo State Coordinator of SON, Mrs Toyin Idowu, gave the advice in Ibadan on Wednesday at the opening of a one-day sensitisation programme on “Increased Awareness on Quality and Environmental Management’’. Idowu said that heeding the advice would enhance good quality of products and services, adding that it would also make such businesses to become more environmental friendly. “The forum has become imperative because there is the need to educate the populace on Quality Management System and Environment Management System standards. “The two management systems are essential for large and small businesses as the two improve efficiency and customer relationship as well as reduce wastes and maximise resources,” she said. The coordinator implored business owners to ensure standards for continual customer satisfaction, environmental friendliness as well as safeguard lives and property. She further called on residents to contribute to environmental sustainability through proper disposal of wastes. Meanwhile, Mrs Dolapo Dosunmu, the State Director of the National Orientation Agency (NOA), implored manufacturers to make the production of quality products a priority. According to her, it is desirable to have quality products for use in Nigeria. “Nigerians have now developed a taste for imported goods. It has got to a stage that we use it to measure the class we belong. “Meaning that people see you as substandard, or not as a civilised individual if you patronise goods made in Nigeria, and such perception is wrong. “Also, let us take the issue of environmental sustainability as an individual thing by contributing less health hazard for our neighbuors. “It is an infringement on someone’s right to good life when you pack waste and dump it in a place that is not appropriate. “Let us take ownership of the drive of environmental sustainability, quality service delivery and production of quality products for our nation to move forward,” she said. Our correspondent reports that the guest speaker, Mr Ayoola Ololade, educated participants on Quality Management System known as ISO 9001 and Environmental Management System ISO 14001. More than 300 business owners participated in the workshop.