Some hair stylists in Lagos say that they are making more sales from the patronage of  braided wigs compared to those plaiting  hairs.  They said that part of the high patronage of braided wigs was that they were more durable than plaited hairs that needed to be washed or plaited weekly. They also said that women adorning braided wigs did not have to sit for hours under the local stylist plaiting the hairs on weekly basis. The added that owners of braided wigs would only remove them from their closets, clean then up and adorn them. Juile Adams, a hairstylist, told our correspondent in Lagos that she had been recording high patronage of customers interested in buying braided wigs. “Some women now prefer braided or weaved wigs because they are easy to wear and maintain, cheaper, styling them to the taste of those who want to wear them consumes less time,” she said. Mrs Diola Bolaji, a hair stylist at Ikeja Market said she used to get no fewer than 10 orders for braided wigs weekly from her customers. “It usually takes me between a day and two days to make a braided wig, depending on the size and length,” she said. Another hair stylist, Funmilayo  Alabi  said that the working class women, especially bankers, as well as university students, patronise her most. She said that she used to sell her products to her customers in banks and higher institutions. Alabi said most of her customers preferred to buy braided wigs than spending several hours to plait their hairs. “I also advertise them on social media platform,’’ she said. “I also get a lot of patronage from people who see my advert on the Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram platforms,” she said. Esther James, a retailer at Oshodi Market said that braided wigs were not too expensive to buy and easy to maintain. She said the price range differs depending on the qualities of the materials. “Each of wig braids made with synthetic attachments cost between N6, 000 and N15, 000 and it takes her two days to make. “Wig braids made with human hairs are expensive and the prices for one is between N30,000  and N100,000 or even more , depending on the size and length.’’ Similarly, Faith Bankole said she used to charge between N8,000  and  N30,000 for each wig depending on the size and length. She said braided wigs were very easy to maintain and very durable unlike direct braiding. Mrs Kate Bayo, a worker said that she preferred artificial braided wigs because it is stress free. She said since these artificial wigs started trending, she has bought different colours to give her face different looks anytime she adorned them. “It saves me a lot of time and pains that I would have experienced while braiding my hairs,” she said. Similarly, Mrs Rita Oluwatobi, civil servant and a mother of three said that braided wigs were easier to maintain, styled and cheaper. “I don’t have the time to go to the salon to braid my hairs. “Braided wig has made it so easy for me, I can wear it anytime and anywhere; it saves time. “When you calculate the time and money you will spend braiding hair, you will realise that it is cheaper to buy braided wigs, which can be used anytime,” she said.