The Prospectors & Developers Association of Canada’s (PDAC) 2018 Convention – the world’s premier mineral exploration and mining event – will commence in Toronto this weekend, marking its 86th year. PDAC President, Glenn Mullan looks forward to welcoming the industry back to the Metro Toronto Convention Centre (MTCC), where more than 24,000 attendees from 130 countries attended in 2017. “The PDAC Convention is our largest industry event and provides mineral and mining professionals, as well as investors, analysts, geologists, executives, government officials and students, access to an array of programming, short courses, presentations and networking opportunities.” “This four-day event will feature more than 400 presenters, giving attendees a chance to learn and discuss the latest trends, investment opportunities and technologies shaping the sector,” adds Mullan. PDAC 2018 Convention highlights and attractions include: The International Mines Ministers Summit brings Mines Ministers from around the world together in one important setting for third year in a row.  This year’s Keynote Session: Industry Review – Lessons for the future The Mineral Outlook Luncheon featuring A. Gary Shilling will discuss the outlook for minerals and metals in a world where the supply of almost everything exceeds demand.  Anaconda Mining Inc. virtual reality experience that will allow participants to experience open pit, underground mine developments and processing plant in 3D. A selection of visually-stunning minerals from the Kirwin Collection, on loan from the Royal Ontario Museum, will be available for everyone to see up close in Trade Show North.  The Northern Ontario Mining Showcase features live demonstrations, training technology and even a robot! The Royal Canadian Mint will display a variety of new gold and silver investment bullion coins and bars. A selection of collector coins will be available for purchase and enter a draw for a set of silver coins. Toronto is a major beneficiary of the PDAC Convention, injecting upwards of $70 million into its economy annually. The PDAC 2018 Convention takes place March 4-7 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre..
The Prospectors & Developers Association of Canada (PDAC) is the leading voice of the mineral exploration and development community. With over 7,500 members around the world in all sectors of the mining industry PDAC’s mission is to promote a globally-responsible, vibrant and sustainable minerals industry. As the trusted representative of the sector, PDAC encourages best practices in technical, operational, environmental, safety and social performance.