The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello says science, entrepreneurial and vocational education subjects will create jobs and financial independence for young Nigerians.  Bello made the assertion at the closing of the 4th edition of the FCT Science and Technology EXPO (FASTECH 2018) with a theme: “Technology and Society in the 21st Century” on Thursday in Abuja. The minister, who was represented by the FCTA Secretary of Education, Sen. Isa Maina, called for more attention to the nation’s indigenous technology in the face of the present challenges. The minister, who appreciated the organisers of the event, said that the EXPO has created awareness and sensitise participants to the role of science and technology in national development. “I would like to convey our commendation to the Education Secretariat and the Department of Science and Technology for making the FCT proud at the just concluded Young Nigerian Scientists Presidential Award. “At the award, Master Daniel Idakoji of the GSSS Pyakassa came first, defeating 773 other students selected from all the Local Government Areas across the country. “His impressive performance is a great testament to the high standard of public education in the FCT. “His performance is one of the fruits of the particular attention the administration pays to science, entrepreneurial and vocational education. “We do so because we believe these subjects are the surest path to job creation and financial independence for young Nigerians,’’ he said. Bello called on Nigerians to look inwards to harness and improve the indigenous technology by promoting and encouraging innovation, creativity and value addition. “It also involves linking research results and school projects to industries and markets, all geared towards self-sufficiency and wealth creation. “I am aware that competent resource persons had spoken on the theme and sub-themes of the expo. We will work towards their suggestions and recommendations. “We also hope these recommendations would assist government in policy formulation as well as evolving ways and means of improving science and technology in our society. The minister assured the Department of Science and Technology and the Education Secretariat of the unwavering support of the FCT Administration towards the realization of our collective dreams. Bello said that the EXPO has shown the administration’s resolve to make the FCT a model in the development of science and technology. According to him, FCT will encourage youths to realize their potentials, get involved in skill development activities with a view to adding value to the society at large. He urged that organisers to ensure that the outcome of the event was properly documented so that it could translate into concrete, actionable and productive projects. Earlier, the FCTA Secretary for Education, Sen. Isa Maina said FASTECH has become a platform designed to identify and bring together all stakeholders, public and private artisans, and entrepreneurs to showcase their products. Maina, who was represented by Mrs Eunice Ugochukwu of the FCT Education Department, said the forum for them was an avenue to harness the economic and scientific potentials of science and technology sector. According to him, it is a gathering aimed at showcasing and promoting the patronage of local inventions that can be applied for everyday living. “It is our intention that FASTECH will grow and become as popular as the annual FCT Book Fair which is currently in its 22nd year,’’ he said. He said that FASTECH will examine the relationship between the ordinary man and the use of technology and will also examine relevant areas of transfer of knowledge entrepreneurship, adaption of technology. Maina noted that FCT schools have won several national laurels in science and technology competitions which include 2017 Junior Engineers Technicians and Scientists, Nigeria Institute of Physics, and National Space Ambassadors Competitions. He said Government Secondary School Pyakasa, Government Science and Technical College Garki, and Gifted Secondary School, Gwagwalada, came second in the national competitions respectively with additional 10 laurels. He enjoined exhibitors and participants to use their skills and competence to create the much needed awareness on the impact and benefits of science and technology to overall progress of the society. At the events four Government Science and Technical College Area 3, Garki students were presented with a trophy they won at the just concluded Junior Engineers, Technicians and Sciences (JETS) project. Each of the students received N1 million and scholarship up to PhD level at any University of their choice anywhere in the World. The Vice-Chancellor, University of Abuja, Prof. Micheal Adikwu said the World is currently governed by systems that were a few years ago beyond human reasoning. According to him, there are developments in science and arts that are making human lives better than they used to be. Over 150 participants took part in the three-day EXPO.