Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho insisted European disappointment is nothing new for the English giants after losing 2-1 to Sevilla at Old Trafford to crash out of the Champions League by the same scoreline on aggregate. Wissam Ben Yedder struck twice in four second-half minutes on Tuesday to send Sevilla into the quarterfinals for the first time in 60 years as United suffered a first European home defeat since Alex Ferguson’s Champions League farewell in 2013. Mourinho was on the winning side that night as Real Madrid manager and also sent United out of the last 16 when Porto boss in 2004. “I’ve sat in this chair twice before with Porto, Manchester United out, and Real Madrid, Manchester United out, so I don’t think it’s anything new for the club,” said Mourinho, who bristled at questions over his tactical approach. “I don’t want to make a drama of it. We have no time to be sad for more than 24 hours, that’s football. It’s not the end of the world.” The visitors were deserving winners as they controlled the game throughout, but had to wait for Ben Yedder’s introduction as a substitute 18 minutes from time to add a clinical finish by taking his Champions League tally for the season to eight goals in seven appearances. Ben Yedder put Sevilla in front two minutes later when he blasted into the bottom corner before heading in a second shortly after. Romelu Lukaku reduced United’s arrears, but it was too little, too late with Mourinho’s decision to once again drop Paul Pogba certain to be scrutinised. “In the first half we played a good game apart from the last 30 metres,” said Sevilla coach Vincenzo Montella. “In the second half we were more clinical with Ben Yedder, he made the difference today.” Mourinho sprang a surprise before kick-off by recalling Marouane Fellaini at the expense of Pogba, who had also been dropped for the first game. Sevilla dominated the vast majority of the first leg only to be denied by some stunning saves from David de Gea. However, it was wayward finishing rather than the Spanish No 1 that prevented the visitors making the most of their ascendency for most of the match. Indeed, of Sevilla’s 10 efforts on goal in the first period only one weak Muriel effort forced De Gea into making a save.