BBNaija “Double Wahala” housemates Leo and Ifu Ennada (Lifu)have been evicted from the show.  The paired housemates are the fourth set of housemates to be evicted from the BBNaija “Double Wahala” house and fifth pair to depart the house. Previously, fellow housemates Bitto and Princess (Pritto), Deeone and Vandora (Vandee), Angel and Ahneeka(Gelah) were evicted from the show alongside Khloe and K-Brule (Ksquared) who were disqualified. Lifu saw their chances of winning the grand prize of 25 million Naira and an SUV cut short during the last nomination process on Monday. The Head of House(HoH) Bambam and her partner Rico(Bamco) who were immune from nominations decided to save Teddy A and Nena(Tena) and replaced them with Cee c and Lolu (Ceelo), leaving Lifu and the rest of the housemates up for eviction. Lifu narrowly escaped nominations last week. However this week, BBNaija host Ebuka Uchendu announced Lifu had received the lowest percent of votes from fans across the world compared to fellow housemates who were up for eviction this week. Earlier in the game, Lifu came out on top during the “Roc Da Mat” challenge. The pair won a prize of 5 million Naira, one year supply of Pepsi, Pepsi chillers and VVIP trip for One Africa Festival in London, England. Similarly, the two housemates were on the blue team that won the “Heritage Bank task presentation” that guaranteed them a lunch in Big Brother’s (Biggie’s) house on Saturday. Ifu Ennada revealed she stayed out of building any emotional relationship in the house because she is making a conscious effort to remain single this year for personal reasons The outgoing housemate admitted to feeling the urge to share a kiss with fellow housemate Rico Swarvey during their weekly Saturday night party last week. Fellow evicted housemate Leo seemed calm and more worried about a wailing Alex. He told Ebuka that spending most of his time sleeping in the house was a result of being bored most of the time. He said he was glad to go back to his business outside “Biggie’s” house. The powers of the Head of House(HoH) were slightly altered during the eviction show. Perennial BBNaija host Ebuka announced that the HoH would no longer be immune from nominations. Ten housemates now left in the game will continue to vie for the grand prize as individuals rather than in pairs.