The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has awarded scholarships to over 270 secondary schools students across Southwest in the last two years.  This was disclosed by Adeyanju Olaoluwa, the Coordinator of the scholarship and the Southwest Educational Competition Save Education Project, when some of the beneficiaries visited the Ooni, on Wednesday, in Ile-Ife. Olaoluwa said that the project was sponsored by Ooni, as part of his landmark achievements in the last two years on the throne of his forefathers, adding that the monarch had been paying the school fees of these less privileged. According to him, the Oba asked him to shortlist students that were financially constraint and we were able to shortlist students from 37 schools. The Coordinator added that 68 students had their WAEC fees paid in 23 of the schools visited, while 14 others would be visited soon. Olaoluwa commended Ooni for his fatherly role in the lives of these children. He said that so many times, the royal father had compelled some politicians to come to the aids of these students with no positive result till date. The coordinator urged NGOs, philanthropists, politicians and meaningful Nigerians to emulate Ooni in assisting the less privileged in the society. Responding, Ooni returned all the glory unto Almighty God, who gave him the opportunity to care for the needy. He called on the students to be orderly, humble and respectful, adding that they should ensure that they face their studies squarely for brighter future. The monarch recalled that he learnt shoe making when things were tough and boasted of making his shoes by himself. He urged them never to lose hope and advised them to be ambitious, discipline, prayerful and focus for them to get to their promised land. Mr Yemi Opawoye-Adeagbo, the Vice-Principal, Ilobu High School, Ilobu, Osun, acknowledged the traditional ruler for assisting all and sundry including the less privileged students. Mrs. Paulina Nwachukwu, of Saint Paulina Missionary School, Lagos, who spoke on behalf of the beneficiaries, applauded Ooni for his good gesture towards the less privileged.