Stanbic IBTC Insurance Brokers Limited, a member of the Stanbic IBTC Group, has announced the addition of annuity products to its rich bouquet of insurance offerings, in a move targeted at giving retirees a variety of retirement income solutions to choose from.  Speaking during a media interactive session in Lagos recently, 2018, Chief Executive, Stanbic IBTC Insurance Brokers, Anselem Igbo, said the organisation is delighted to add annuity to our product offerings and offer Nigerians, particularly retirees, a product that brings value, flexibility, and security, among other benefits. The offering, he added is in line with Stanbic IBTC Group’s determination, as the leading end-to-end financial services provider, to avail its customers and Nigerians quality and bespoke financial services solutions that cater for their every need. Some of the benefits of annuity, according to the insurance broker, include the creation of a guaranteed lifetime income stream, protection of assets in annuity from market volatility, growth of income, and the opportunity to transfer the annuity to a spouse or named beneficiary, among others. Igbo called on retirees to take advantage of the annuity products even as he assured customers of an efficient and prompt service delivery. “We believe that the test of any insurance arrangement is in prosecuting claims to a satisfactory conclusion for our clients. Our role as brokers also ensures that insurers, as a matter of obligation, pay claims equitably and promptly. Prompt payment of claims is a key factor in any insurance contract. We continuously develop key relationships and requisite logistical processes to ensure that we get clients the best quotes and prompt claims settlement,” Igbo said. “Our services are also offered to both existing customers and non-customers of the group. We proffer advice on the management of risks, secure protection against such risks and reduce exposure to the risks of business disruption, injury, and death. We also deliver creative risk management solutions that enable our clients create, protect and preserve wealth. Stanbic IBTC Insurance Brokers’ professional services are at no additional cost,” Igbo added.