The President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki on Monday said that for Nigeria to develop, opportunities must be created for the country’s teaming youth population.  Saraki made this assertion in Abuja while submitting his nomination and expression of interest forms to contest for PDP Presidential ticket at the party’s National Secretariat. He said that after going round the country, he could feel the desires of Nigerians for a new country with prosperity, safety, united and one they would be proud of. “Nigerians have come to understand that to do this you must know what to do. You cannot give what you don’t have. You can only give what you have. “And the teeming youths are saying it is time for them to put in place someone who has the energy, youthfulness and capacity, capability and the knowledge to drive them to the future.” Saraki, who expressed his happiness with the leadership of the party, urged them to unite all the party’s presidential aspirants. “What is important for us is the lives of millions of Nigerians, who are going through such a tough time and who now believe that it is only through the PDP that it can happen. “We will play our own part in ensuring that we unite everybody. It has always been my antecedent to provide unity and leadership in this kind of scenario. “I can assure you that I will play my role in uniting all of us because we are part of one family and we are actually part of one family. “Our problem is not in PDP but in the other parties. So, we will stay united to carry out this exercise as a family affair. He called on all PDP supporters to keep faith with the party, saying “because we are counting the days that will begin the journey to bring back this country.’’ Asked if the aspirants was considering consensus candidate, Saraki said that was for the aspirants to decide, saying “the most important thing was to ensure internal democracy in the system and credible primaries. “What is important is that at the end of the day we have something that is rancour free. What I can tell you is that we are working together because we are still part of one family. “I believe at the end of the day, we will have a process that whoever emerges will be supported by all of us.’’