Applicants undergoing the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) recruitment exercise into different cadres within the Corps on Tuesday, commended the  Commission for its commitment in ensuring the exercise was well coordinated and hitch free.  Our correspondent reports that the FRSC scheduled its screening exercise and physical fitness assessment on recruitment for Sept. 24 to 29. It was also reported that the venue for the screening exercise are the National stadium and Mogadishu cantonment, Abuja, respectively. Eziemefe Godslove, an applicant said that he was amazed at the commitment and organization of the screening officials during the exercise. ”I got here 6 a.m and to my surprise, the FRSC officials were already on ground coordinating and attending to applicants who came early. “I was impressed because it meant they will attend to me on time and here I am, almost done with my screening. Egbekwu Ndozie, another applicant said that the officers on ground had been treating them well and it was well coordinated, as applicants were paired in groups to aid a fast and orderly screening. He,however, noticed that there were applicants spilled from Monday screening exercise to Tuesday, due to one reason or the another. However, Akinpelu Emmanuel, an applicant, was of the opinion that some part of the screening exercise could have been done online to save time and ease stress. According to him, the commission could have employed the use of online registration, noting that technology had made such screening exercises easier. “In order to attend to everyone on time, some things should have been done online. “The bio-data form we filled online was also given to us here to fill again which was not necessary in my opinion because we are in the 21st century and should try to reduce the use of paper. “Most documentation could be done online with the reference code we were provided with by the commission registration,” he said. Some petty traders at the venue expressed their excitement at the screening exercise due to the increase in sales they had experienced since the exercise began. Sadiat Ahmed, a trader at the venue, said that she was so happy the screening took place where her shop was located because the exercise had helped to boost her sales. “I have not been selling since I got this shop because we are many here and the shop rent is on the high side. “Most times we just sleep and would be unable to realize any sales from the shop for a whole month. “But since this screening started here, I have been busy selling to the extent that I don’t have time to do any other thing,” she said. Another petty trader, Bunmi Adeola, said that the sales had been tremendous because the turnout of applicants was huge and they had been partronising her business,” Adeola said.