The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) has commenced the process of inaugurating Standards Clubs in primary and secondary schools in Kogi State.  The state Coordinator of SON, Mr Olelekan Omoniyi, said this during an advocacy visit to Kogi State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, on Monday in Lokoja. According to Omoniyi, the visit is to secure the support and approvals of Kogi Government through the commissioner to establish Standard Clubs in secondary and primary schools in the state. “At the club, we will train the students on how to identify substandard products and the right step to take when they purchase or identify such fake products. “We want to enlighten the public on the issue of standardisation and to fight the menace of substandard products by collaborating with the relevant stakeholders. “The youths are being carried along in the crusade to improve lives through standards and quality assurance by encouraging the setting up of Standards Clubs in primary and secondary schools nationwide,” he said. Omoniyi added that the organisation would liaise with other private organisations to ensure the success and sustainability of the programme. He said that the clubs were already in operation in Ekiti, Abuja, Lagos and Kwara, among others. In her remarks, the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mrs Rosemary Osikoya, commended the partnership with the ministry and the initiative by the organisation. “I am excited that increasingly, the role of the ministry of education is being recognised and tapped into by relevant stakeholders where all these interventions are needed. “I am particularly happy that within the next few days, we will be working on the framework on how the clubs should operate, roles, sustainability and support to give,” Osikoya said. She said that social vices would be reduced if they were able to get the youths engaged in such activities in various schools. She added that the programme would also trigger their mind to their future endeavours. “On behalf of His Excellency, Gov. Yahaya Bello, I am assuring you of our total support. “All the noble goals in education under the New Direction Blueprint need the participation of government parastatals, corporate organisations, and other relevant stakeholders to succeed,” she said. Mr Moses Abara, Special Adviser to Kogi Governor on Education, Science and Technology, urged SON to ensure the maintenance of standard in the club and never compromise, to ensure sustainability.