Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar on Thursday in Abuja inaugurated a committee charged with mobilising support for his emergence as the PDP presidential candidate.  Abubakar, while inaugurating the committee chaired by Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu, promised to restore true democracy and get Nigeria working again, if elected as president in 2019. He regretted that the change Nigerians were promised in 2015 had yet to be delivered, saying that people were disappointed and frustrated. “People’s welfare is being ignored; we are once more sliding towards dictatorship as government chooses which court order to obey and which one to ignore. “Government also decides who is bound by the law and who is above it. “If elected, I will restore true democracy and get Nigeria to work again. “Nigerians are yearning for jobs, unity and security. We must work with them to achieve this. “We must also ensure truth in politics, justice and fairness in governance, a genuine federal system that will help us address local priorities and run a more effective and efficient government,” he said. Abubakar said that the committee would advise him on the best measures toward success in the PDP primary election, and urged members to work diligently. Responding on behalf of his colleagues, Iwuanyanwu commended Abubakar for finding them worthy of the assignment, and promised to work toward actualising his dream of a great Nigeria. He challenged members of the team to see their nomination as a call to national service, and urged them to focus on rescuing Nigerians “from the claws of poverty and bad governance”. In his remarks, the Director-General of the Atiku Presidential Campaign Organization, Gbenga Daniel, advised members to go back to the grassroots and work for Abubakar. “The work of this team is to mobilize PDP delegates for Atiku. We must diligently work toward success,” he said. Members of the committee include former governors like Babangida Aliyu, Ibrahim Shema, Achike Udenwa, Okwesilieze Nwodo, Idris Wada, among others. Also in the team are former ministers, former and serving senators, former ambassadors and retired army Generals.