The participants and judges for the first-ever African Freestyle Football Championship have all arrived in Lagos for the continental competition billed to start On Thursday, this week. Judges that have arrived in Lagos for the epoch competition are Tobias Brandal Busaet from Norway, Gautier Fayolle from France and Szymon Maciej Skalski. They were joined by Daniel Wood World, the Co-founder of World Freestyle Football Association (WFFA), the umpire body, in addition to other members of the WFFA including Lukas Skoda, the Director of Operations. The championship will also host international freestyle professionals; Guinness world record holder, Iya Traore and Female freestyle legend, Raquel Benetti from Brazil. Both came in to Lagos Tuesday evening. Nigerian freestylers competing in the tournament are also expected to arrive Lagos today from their bases where they have been preparing to win top prizes including a saloon car, courtesy of GAC Motors and $50,000. Chairman, Feet ‘n’ Tricks International, Valentine Ozigbo, on Tuesday said all arrangements for the competition have been concluded. “We have everything covered because we have been on the planning for a long time. Our target is to make participants enjoy the tournament while fans should also appreciate freestyle more. “The entertainment aspect will also be excellent while we also expect our ambassadors to add colour to the event,” Ozigbo said. Former professional English footballer, John Fashanu; former Head of Lagos State Football Association, Waidi Akanni; and former Super Eagles Coach, Samson Siasia, Superstar actresses, Kate Henshaw and Tonto Dikeh were recently named as brand ambassadors for this year’s Championship. The qualifying rounds and Nigerian championship takes place on September 13th -14th, 2018 at the Balmoral Convention Centre, Federal Palace Hotel in Lagos while the best 16 male and eight female freestyle athletes in Africa will emerge to battle it out at the grand finale on September 15, 2018. This event is endorsed by World Freestyle Football Association and sponsored by Heritage Bank, Sprite, GAC Motors, MTN, Startimes, FIRS, Eko Disco, Goal.com among others.