Gov. Abdul’aziz Yari of Zamfara has said that all is set for the conduct of the forthcoming All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Primaries in the state.  In a statement issued in Gusau on Sunday by the Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Malam Ibrahim Dosara, Yari said this after the meeting with the zonal and local government committees set up by the party in the state for the conduct of the primaries scheduled for Tuesday. Yari assured of  the readiness of the state party leadership and government to ensure peaceful and credible primaries in the state. He said though the APC presidential aspirant Muhammadu Buhari had no opponent in the primaries, people needed to come out en mass to show their support to Buhari’s candidature. He urged security outfits in the state to ensure adequate security of lives and property of the people before, during and after the primaries. He said the aim of the presidential primaries was to test the popularity of President Muhammadu Buhari among the people of the country for re-election in 2019. He said as members of the national ruling party  they were expected to conduct themselves peacefully to affirm the nomination of President Muhammadu Buhari as the APC Presidential flag-bearer in the 2019 general elections. He said his government would not tolerate any act of lawlessness and would deal ruthlessly with anyone found violating law and order throughout the elections period. In a related development, the state APC Chairman, Alhaji Lawal M-Liman, said voice vote would be used during the primaries which would take place in all the 147 wards in the state. M-Liman said the governorship primaries in the state would be conducted on Sept. 29 through delegates. He, therefore, urged all aspirants to go about their contests in accordance with the APC constitution and the Electoral Act 2010 as amended. He also urged people of the state to conduct themselves in a peaceful manner and support President Muhammad Buharis candidature for the reelection as president of Nigeria.