Some housemates in the 2018 edition of the Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) TV reality show tagged “Double Wahala’’ late Sunday commended the organisers and viewers for making history as it recorded 170 million votes.  Our correspondent reports that the show recorded that huge number from fans across the world who voted through the various online platforms for the candidates of their choices. “Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) pulled a show again in this edition; this is massive, 170 million votes,’’ said Debbie Rise, a former BBNaija housemate. “Every year keeps getting better and better and a lot of people got more involved this time around. “The online platform made a very huge impact. Big Brother Naija show and most housemates kept trending on twitter, Instagram and Facebook. “This shows how entertainment goes a long way in the heart of Nigerians, “she said. Also, Omololù Adetokunbo popularly known as Lolu in the house told NAN that the show lived up to its expectation as always. “I am now known due to viewership and votes. It is a dream comes true by my featuring in this reality show and I will surely make the best out of it. “Thank you all for the supports and votes, thank you Multi-choice for this platform, “he said. Similarly, Marianne Onyii popularly known as “Ahneeka” among the housemates said that she was amazed with the number of followers she gained on social network after she left the house. “I came back from the BBNaija show and was surprised to see how the number of my followers on Instagram, twitter and Facebook increased. “I read most comments about me, both the negative and positive comments. And I can say that I have experienced and learned a lot this past few months. “And I hope to continue using my fan page to stay relevant and keep people informed of my latest happenings, “she said. Rico Swavey also told our correspondent that then BBNaija platform would help him boost his singing career and other projects. “As you can see, DJ Exclusive already said that he would love to work with me. This is a dream comes true. “Thank you Big Brother Naima and my fans. I promise to keep the flags flying and new songs coming soon, “he said. Antoinette Lecky also known as ‘Anto’ in the house expressed her gratitude to the BBNaija organisers for giving her the opportunity to be a participant in the reality show. “I’m glad to have been a housemate in the Big Brother Naija show, to show the world my personality. It was a priviledge. “Congrats to Miracle, he deserves the money,” she said. Oluwabamike Olawunmi known as “Bambam’’ said life was good after the reality show. “I hope to bring out the best in me as I have already discovered through my interaction with other housemates. I am grateful for all the love and supports, “she said.