The Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, has reiterated Federal Government’s determination to encourage
the learning of mathematical sciences by secondary school students in the country.  Adamu stated this in Sheda, Kwali Area Council of Federal Capital Territory (FCT) during the presentation of awards at the 2017/2018 National Olympiads
Competition organised by the National Mathematical Centre (NMC). Represented by the Director, Basic and Secondary Education of the ministry, Dr Lami Amodu, the minister underscored the need to motivate secondary
school students in learning mathematical sciences. He said “the need to encourage the interest of students have been stressed at various fora, most especially this great organisation – the National Mathematical Centre. “There is a common belief that for any nation to keep abreast with global trends of technological advancement and for pupils and students to achieve international recognition, secondary school students and upcoming mathematicians should be motivated to have passion for mathematics.” The minister, therefore, urged stakeholders at all levels to support and encourage the learning and teaching of the subject in schools. He commended the awardees for their outstanding performances and encouraged them not to lose interest in mathematics. The Director/Chief Executive of NMC, Prof. Stephen Onah, said that the centre, with the support of the minister, would continue to strive to deliver on its mandate. According to Onah, it is the responsibility of the centre to identify and encourage young talents in mathematical sciences and stimulate young Nigerian students’
interest in science subjects. He also said that the centre was committed to encourage activities that would lead to improved teaching and learning of mathematical sciences in schools. He said “I say well done to all our beloved mathematics and mathematical science champions, you have done Nigeria, your parents and your schools proud. “We are glad to inform our cherished stakeholders that the various efforts and approaches to fulfill our mandate are beginning to yield encouraging
results in the students’ performance in public examinations. “This is more witnessed in the pilot states where NMC’s presence has been embraced and Mathematics Improvement Project is established.” Onah, however, commended the Mathematics Queen, Miss Faith Odunsi of Ambassador’s College, Ota, Ogun, “for distinguishing herself in a subject that is revered by most girls, Nigeria is looking up to you and your likes.” The director urged teachers to continue to work hard toward improving the teaching and learning of mathematical sciences and mathematics in schools. He said “this is because the extent to which we develop students in mathematics largely determines the level of our national development potential in science and technology as a country.” A representative from FCT Education Secretariat, Mrs Christiana Ibrahim, a Director in the FCT Department of Science and Technology, commended the centre for the programme. She said “this programme is important in the development of science and technology because it will identify more areas that will require better methodologies.” Ibrahim advised that the programme should be sustained by the NMC and congratulated the students for their outstanding performance. Some students of both Junior and Secondary school levels received various classes of awards for their outstanding performances in the 2017/2018 National Olympiads Competition organised by the NMC. Our correspondent reports that the award for Mathematics Queen was given to Miss Faith Odunsi, 13, who answered 19 mathematics questions in 60 seconds during the Junior Secondary School Female National Olympiad competition. The best school in mathematics for senior mathematics competition award went to Graceland International School, Port Harcourt.