The Federal Government is committed to continue to invest in robust nationwide infrastructure to foster development and national unity, the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, has said.  Fashola spoke on Monday while inspecting the construction of Loko-Oweto Bridge over River Benue in Nasarawa and Benue states. The 2.2km  Loko-Oweto Bridge of which 90 per cent of work has been completed was awarded to Messrs Reynolds Construction Company, (RCC) Nigeria Ltd. on Nov. 2, 2011 at a contract sum of N51, 612,804,367.37 to be completed in 84 months. The project consists of the construction of two double bridges of 3,850m-long approach road at Loko end and 3090m-long approach road at Oweto end. It also consists of 550m-long road linking the two bridges at the Island separating the southern and northern bridges. Fashola said the bridge and road on completion would unite and connect two traditional rulers, the Loko community in Nasarawa and Agatu community in Benue thereby fostering unity in diversity. “Infrastructure is the backbone of development, it is an unfailing foundation, investing in bridges and roads create wealth. “Investment creates wealth and secures the future. That is the foundation for wealth and employment processes and prosperity, agro processing is also assured. “It is uniting farmers, so infrastructure is the basis for national unity. It brings people together, it brings prosperity, it is the foundation for agric and industry, that is what the Federal Government is committed to. “Very soon this road and bridge will connect and unite Nigerians forever irrevocably,’’ Fashola said Briefing the minister, Mr Taiwo Wasiu, Federal Controller of Works, Nasarawa State, said that the eastern part of the bridge, including the walkways, had been completed while the western part was almost completed. “What is left now is the connecting road, when completed it would reduce traffic especially for those travelling to the south eastern part of the country because the connection links people from the southeast of the country to the northern part. Alhaji Abubakar Ahmed, Emir of Loko  expressed gratitude to the government for the project and appealed that the linking roads should be constructed too. Mr Ichekpa Tanko a farmer, commended the Federal Government for the kind gesture of  developing the bridge to improve agricultural activities in the area. “We cultivate beans, okro, guinea corn, yam, potatoes, among others. The farmers are very happy because the bridge will boost the transportation of these farm produce in the two states.