Zidora Travel is a subsidiary company of the Zidora Group of
companies; a business brand with multiple vibrant subsidiary
companies, which has become a household name in quality service
delivery in Nigeria; founded over half a decade  ago by Anambra State
born Dr. Arinze Madueke. Zidora Travels and Tours over these years, has distinguished itself as
a sort after travel company with a record of hundreds of success
stories and also a record of almost 90% success in foreign education
placement, family tours, conference and relocation. Speaking about its presence across the country, the management of
Zidora Group said that currently, it has about six offices nationwide,
three offices in different parts of Lagos, one in Abuja, one in
Onitsha and one in ukpor, Anambra state. Our reporter gathered that in
all, Zidora has a work force of over 200 employees in direct and
indirect employment, with the company. Just like almost every big brand in existence today, Zidora started as
a dream. “We started with just a vision. The vision was clear. We
started to help Nigerians travel to any destination of choice with
little or no stress at all”, Madueke said. He also revealed that he
started the company with two staff, in a very little space which was
barely enough to accommodate a third person. But their commitment to
build was their utmost priority second only to their desire to satisfy
their clients completely. Today, Zidora Travel is a big brand and a giant in the travel and
tours industry in Nigeria. Responding to their success story, Dr.
Arinze Madueke, 34 years Ukpor Anambra state born serial entrepreneur
expressed gratitude to God and to Zidora clients for the confidence
entrusted in the brand and the patronage over the years. Recalling his experience he said, “I see people walk into Zidora
office, many times with this look of uncertainty. Sometimes, you chat
with them or talk over the phone and they sound so unsure and
skeptical. It always makes me hold on to our vision of excellent
service delivery, when I see the same people happy and filled with joy
after we have helped them realize their desire to travel.
There are two things make me really happy seeing the happiness of our
clients who have been satisfactorily served and the fact that we are
making our modest contribution in reducing the number of unemployed
youths in Nigeria”. A look at the Zidora Travel website; one’s attention is quickly drawn
to the section where the company kept a few record of testimonials by
her clients. This section contains a handful of testimonials compared
to the number of happy clients Zidora Travels have had since inception
which runs into thousands. “When you walk into Zidora office in any
part of the country, it is
not your usual travel agency office. Truly, you will be left with an
impression of being served like a king”, a Zidora client said. “Each time I need to travel or my family is going on vacation, I hand
over everything to Zidora, then go to bed, you can trust Zidora”. For
Chinenye, “I have dealt with Zidora a couple of times. They are
genuine. Honest people. I don’t  have any  complain at all”. “Zidora Travels and Tours offers the best quality service that is
possible a client can get. The work here is so smooth. My boss is a
humble and an honest man. All of us work as if we are doing our own
private business because of the conducive environment and the
sense of belonging we all share in Zidora”, said a Lagos branch
manager of Zidora Travels. Well, you too need to try Zidora Travels and Tours to experience their
5 star services.