Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has pledged to continue to provide enabling environment for commerce and industry to thrive in the state.  Ugwuanyi stated this in Nsukka while declaring open the 3rd Made in Nigeria trade fair/Sales exhibition organised by the Nsukka Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NCCIMA). According to the governor, this commitment has made the World Bank to rank Enugu State among states in the federation that has enabling and safe environment for business and investment to thrive. Represented by the Commissioner for Commerce and Industry Mr Sam Nwobodo, the governor said for Nigeria to diversify the economy, it must produce majority of what was needed to eat. “Government under my watch will continue to provide enabling environment that will attract both local and foreign investors. “I urge you all to continue to do your best so that the state will continue to be ranked one of the best friendly states in terms of doing business and investment,” he said. He commended the NCCIMA for organizing trade fairs annually since its conception three years ago. “I commend the doggedness of NCCIMA in organizing trade fair yearly since three years ago and urged them to keep it. “Nsukka people and Enugu State in general should encourage NCCIMA by participating as well as patronising the fair. “NCCIMA should also not relent in its commitment to translate Nsukka trade fair to an international standard,” he said. , Mr Frank Ugwu, Chairman of Udenu Local Government Area, said the trade fair would go a long way to showcase locally produced goods in the district. “The local government will continue to partner with the chamber of commerce to achieve its good mission to the senatorial district and Enugu State in general,” he said. Earlier, the President of NCCIMA, Mr Basil Onugu said that the chamber had successfully organized three successful trade fairs in the state. “The Trade fair has tapped into global standing of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka to become an annual forum for economic, commercial and business meetings for local and foreign investors,’’ he said. It was reported that the local governments in Nsukka senatorial district exhibited agriculture products such as yam, yellow pepper, red oil, vegetable and plantain.