The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), National Office for Technology Acquisition and Promotion (NOTAP), Senate Committee on Communications and Oyo State Government have commended Airtel Nigeria for launching its 4G LTE – aimed at providing fast and reliable internet for Nigerians. The Chairman of NCC, Senator Olabiyi Durojaiye, in his remark at a consumer launch event held recently in Ibadan, said Airtel’s upgrade and expansion to a 4G network in Ibadan will definitely improve telecommunications services and drive economic growth. “NCC is happy to celebrate with Airtel on this milestone and on other efforts aimed at achieving robust and extensive network coverage in Nigeria. NCC has taken note of Airtel’s numerous giant strides towards the provision of good communication service – accelerating economic growth in our dear country,” he said. Hon. Saheed Fijabi, Chairman, House Committee on Communications, National Assembly, commended Airtel for continuous innovation and commitment to improve telecommunication service in Nigeria. “Airtel has been one of the companies that have always been complying with local content. We believe Airtel has been doing well and we will continue to give them our support.” Director General, National Office for Technology Acquisition and Promotion (NOTAP), Dr. Dan-Azumi Mohammed Ibrahim, also applauded the telco for its customer-centric offering; describing the launch of its 4G LTE has a timely revolution. The Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Chief Moses Alake Adeyemo, hailed Airtel for deploying 4G in Ibadan, saying that he is glad that Airtel Nigeria has chosen Ibadan to pioneer the launch of its revolutionary 4G service. He asked the people of Oyo state “to use what has been given to us today to empower ourselves and patronize Airtel Nigeria.” Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director of Airtel Nigeria, Segun Ogunsanya, while speaking during the event, said with the 4G launch, Airtel will power people, businesses and cultural advancement through technology in Ibadan. “Airtel 4G will help drive growth, spread prosperity and empower the highly enterprising people of Ibadan to fulfill their potentials and realize their dreams. “Our commitment is to deliver 4G Service that works to Nigerians as we will dramatically improve mobile Internet experience for telecoms consumers across the country. “Indeed, Airtel is committed to strengthening its position as a true pioneer of innovation in the Nigerian telecommunications domain, as this is in line with our overall corporate vision of becoming the mobile Internet service provider of first choice for every Nigerian,” he said. The Airtel CEO also confirmed that the telco will be rolling out its 4G service in other cities across the country in the coming months. Airtel says its Ibadan 4G launch signals a new dawn in the Nigeria’s telecoms landscape and a foretaste of its quest to provide seamless and reliable mobile Internet experience across key cities in Nigeria in 2018.