The President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki has expressed his gratitude to all his followers and supporters in Kwara for standing by him throughout his ordeals at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).  Saraki said this in Ilorin on Tuesday when a large crowd of supporters received him at the Airport after the Supreme Court discharged and acquitted him of allegations of false assets declaration. He described his three-year trial as tough, but expressed satisfaction that his followers never doubted his innocence as he had told them on many occasions. “It’s been a long journey for all my own people in the state, and today we thank the Almighty God for this. “I want to thank all those who did not at any time waver.  They believed in my innocence and supported me throughout those three very tough years and it was a great feeling for all of us. “It is my first homecoming to thank them for all the support they have given me and the victory and for the fact that the truth prevailed and justice was done. “Today is a day for me to visit and more importantly thank the people for the support they have given for years,” Saraki added. The President of the Senate, however, declined to comment on what he will do over pressure by some of his followers to lead them out of the All Progressives Congress (APC), telling journalists not to ‘worry’ or ‘push’ him over the matter. “As I said, don’t worry, don’t push me, I will call at a time and I will tell Nigerians. ”As I always say time will come for everything, a time will come I will tell people where I am, what I’m doing. “For now it is just to thank the people of the state because the last three years have been tough and they are still committed and remain and I have to appreciate that. I appreciate that,” he said. Our correspondent reports that the Senate President was received by large crowd of supporters and admirers. The crowd patiently waited for the arrival of their leader for about eight hours, having assembled at the airport, Ilorin, as early as 8.00 a.m. Motorists and other road users had a hectic time on the Ilorin-Ogbomosho road, as Saraki’s supporters lined both sides of the road with vehicles. He was accompanied on the flight by the Speaker of the State’s House of Assembly, Dr Ali Ahmad, Sen Rafiu Ibrahim and chairman House of Reps Committee on Judiciary, Hon Razak Atunwa as well as former presidential spokesman, Dr. Doyin Okupe. The Senate President and his entourage drove from the airport to the Emir’s palace to pay a thank you visit to the Emir, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu- Gambari.