Some Concerned Youths in the Ogun State chapter of All Progressive Congress, APC loyal to Senator Solomon Adeola Yayi in Ogun State, have called on the party’s National Leader,  Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to prevail on the Lagos Senator to rescind his decision in abandoning his governorship ambition in Ogun State. ￼ The group in a Communiqué signed by its Secretary, Barrister Olanrewaju Savage and made available to newsmen in Abeokuta at the weekend, said its had led a peaceful protest to the APC National Leadership in Lagos on Friday to press home their demand. The group said the plan was to bring back Senator Adeola Yayi back to Ogun State in order to save the All Progressives Congress from losing the state in 2019 to the oppositions. The group further emphasized that, their choice in Yayi was premeditated on his widely acceptability by party members in the state, urging Tinubu to persuade the Lagos lawmaker to abandon his second term Senatorial ambition in Lagos West and return to Ogun State to continue pursuing his governorship aspiration. The communiqué reads in part, “We the concerned citizens of Ogun State, particularly the youths show our love, support, interest and wish for you to release our own son to us in no other person than Senator Solomon Olamilekan Adeola who tried by vying for the Governorship post of our dear state of Ogun. “We know and believe he is the best man for the job. We propose a better Ogun like Lagos and in him we know we can get whatever kind of development we hope for in Ogun State because with his wealth of experience he will deliver even more than we expect. “In the last three years, he has been on consultation tour across the 20 Local Governments in Ogun state and he is widely accepted. He cuts across all local governments unlike other aspirants who have shown interest in the race either directly or indirectly. He also cuts across the Senatorial Districts and is accepted, recognized, loved and supported. “On this note we come to our most revered and respected National Leader whose impactful political sojourn has been of great importance in the history of Nigeria. “We once again use this medium to ask, seek and plead for your considerations on our solidarity to let us have our own Son in person of Senator Solomon Olamilekan Adeola a.k.a Yayi back in Ogun State to run the Governorship race come 2019.”