African music is writing a beautiful story and we are dedicated to keeping the history. The 5th edition of the African Muzik Magazine Awards and Music Festival (AFRIMMA 2018) is set to be another one for the history books.  Following the enormous success of AFRIMMA 2017 with artists like Fally Ipupa, Falz, Tiwa Savage, Diamond Platinum, Composers Band, C4 Pedro, Ray Vanny , Stylz amongst others and we have resolved to give you a better show this year at the biggest African Music Awards in Diaspora. Our African music stars have continued their exploits spectacularly and it is a thing of joy to see African music crossing boundaries despite inherent challenges. Mark your calendars, October 7th, 2018 would see African stars descend on Dallas, Texas again as we celebrate the fifth edition of AFRIMMA Awards & Music Festival. Be ready for a couple of surprises this year as well as a magnificent show as the AFRIMMA team works tirelessly. African artists deserve all the accolades and we are here to hand the accolades with your support.  Celebrating the beauty of African music and culture is the foundation on which the brand AFRIMMA is built. The vision is alive and international success is at the behest of our talents from Tanzania, South Africa, Egypt, Congo, Senegal, Zambia, Ghana, Togo, Algeria, Uganda, Kenya, Botswana and all parts of Africa. Africa was created to make this a reality and to document this historic movement. The story would be told to generations to come. Africa music is alive and African music is life. AFRIMMA 2018 is going to be the best experience ever with a full weekend of activities lined up including welcome party, fashion show, meet and greet sessions, red carpet, award ceremony, music festival, after party and lots more. The rich and glorious culture of motherland Africa in the language of the culture and in the colours of the continent on the international stage. Get Ready to be a part of History! Welcome AFRIMMA 2018. Categories and nominations will be announced soon. For more information on AFRIMMA Awards, please visit http://www.afrimma.com