The Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, said on Tuesday that the Federal Government would continue to work with relevant stakeholders to raise the quality of education in the country to acceptable international standard.  ‎Adamu said during the presentation of Provisional Licence to  Skyline University, Kano, in Abuja that apart from addressing the challenge of access to university education, the government would ensure quality and relevance of the knowledge imparted to students.  ‎ “With the approval of Skyline University, we intend to further address the issue of access to university education. “Prior to this approval Nigeria had 163 universities serving a population of over 190 million. “Nigerian private universities have contributed over the last 18 years and will continue to contribute to the opening up of access for the growing population of candidates seeking university education ‎ “The emergence of private universities had created an environment for healthy competition that stimulates improvement in quality service delivery in the system. “‎ ‎He said that government was committed to strengthening the National Universities Commission’s quality assurance operations, to ensure that in spite of the increased enrolment, quality and relevance are not compromised. ‎
‎
The Minister urged proprietors of universities to ensure the attainment of highest standards through the adoption of best practices to guarantee academic excellence. He disclosed that during the three year probation period, the Skyline University would be attached to Bayero University Kano for academic and administrative mentoring to be moderated by the NUC. Adamu said substantive licence would be issued to the university after the three-year probation, ‎if it meets the stipulated guidelines set by the NUC. ‎ He urged stakeholders in the education sector to ensure quality service delivery, including strategies for quality improvement and elimination of social vices. ‎
‎
Also speaking, Hafiz Abubakar,  Deputy Governor of Kano State, expressed happiness over the establishment of the university in the state. He said the state needed a minimum of 10 universities to cater for 60 per cent of qualified candidates seeking for admission. ‎ “Kano as you know is the most populous state in the country. We have in the basic level of education an enrolment of over three million. ‎ “Kano has over 6,300 primary schools and the rest the junior and secondary schools and a total of over 7, 844 public owned secondary schools. “The establishment of the school in the state is really a big deal for us”, he said. ‎ The deputy governor assured the proprietors of the new university of the state government support.