Sen. Magnus Abe (APC) representing Rivers South/East Senatorial District has advised political parties to ensure that their candidates interface properly with the people to gain high level popularity.  Reacting to the victory of the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Mr Kayode Fawemi, in the recent governorship election in Ekiti, Abe attributed the victory to the popularity of the APC and its candidate. The senator said in an interview with our reporter in Port Harcourt on Tuesday that the people of Ekiti voted massively for Fayemi because of his popularity and good interaction he has with the people unlike his opponent Prof. Oladipo Olusola. According to him, the PDP biggest mistake in the election was allowing the governorship campaign to revolve round the outgoing governor Ayodele Fayose instead of their candidate. “The biggest lesson from the PDP’s defeat is that the party’s flag bearer is unpopular in the political landscape of Ekiti. ”Everybody knows Fayose as a sitting governor in Ekiti and Mr Kayode Fayemi as the flag bearer of the APC but only few people know the PDP flagbearer. “On the day of the election the good people of Ekiti voted massively for the candidate they know, I think this is an instructive lesson for politicians across the country.” Abe congratulated Fayemi and the APC on their victory and advised the PDP to stop the bickering and support the incoming governor in an effort to move the state forward. “The PDP should accept this defeat in good faith, I think litigation should not be an automatic part of the electoral process except where necessary. ”In the case of Ekiti where the election was adjudged free, fair and credible by foreign and local observers, there is absolutely no need for any litigation,” Abe said. On his governorship ambition in Rivers and dissatisfaction with the outcome of the party’s local government and state congresses,  Abe said he had confidence in the APC. “APC is a party that upholds rules and I believe that the laws of the party will prevail in Rivers.”