The Oyo State Gov. Abiola Ajimobi on Tuesday said that adoption of digital technology would facilitate econonic transformation.  Ajimobi made the assertion at the 27th National Conference of the Nigeria Computer Society in Ibadan. The conference had the theme: ”Digital Inclusion: Opportunities, Challenges and Strategies”. According to the governor, digital inclusion and sustainable growth with the aid of good policies will improve the economy. “The idea of digital inclusion has assumed another dimension for policy formation. “It is not a quick technology decision but a social learning process that can be sustained overtime with the ultimate objective of development,” he said. Ajimobi said that the state had adopted a tripod in technology -transformation, restoration and repositioning – to enable it to reach the status of a modern economy. He said that maximising the many gains of digital inclusion would need automation drive. In his keynote address, the Director-General, National Identity Management Commission, Mr Aliyu Aziz, said that inability to prove identity was a big barrier to digital inclusion. According to him, identity is a requisite for a country’s social and economic development. “We should care for digital inclusion; it is big and complex, and critical to solving problems in an economy,” he said. He urged focus on three forces – technology, globalisation and climate change – which, he said, shaped the many aspects of the society. The director-general said that the forces helped in accelerating the pace of development. Aliyu said that bridging the digital divide would require provision of technology infrastructure, awareness creation, easy access to hardware and software, and empowerment of citizens. He listed the other requirements to include implementation of digital inclusion strategies based on principles of equal opportunities, and provision of sustainable solutions that would deliver economic development. According to Aziz, social interaction, personal health, skills capability, self efficiency,civic engagement and participation are some benefits associated with digital inclusion.