MTI Network, the world’s leading Reputation Management/Incident Response Network dedicated to serving shipping, energy, offshore and transportation industries around the world, has announced the appointment of CFO & Associates Limited, a Public Relations company based in Lagos, as it’s Nigerian partner.  CFO & Associates is a results-oriented, independently owned Public Relations firm established by Charles Igbinidu, an award-winning reputation management connoisseur. With its vast communications and reputation management knowledge of the specific operational challenges that occur within the Maritime and Offshore industries in Nigeria, the Leading Public Relations (PR) firm, will provide MTI clients with expert advice and quick response to incidents. According to Patrick Adamson, Chairman and Founding partner of MTI Network, “We are delighted to announce that new representative offices are now open for business in Manila, in Douala and in Lagos” “As ever, MTI takes great care in opening offices which provide the right combination of skills with both maritime experience and knowledge of local media, together with proven expertise in incident response” “Having handled most of the spate of hijacks in the Gulf of Guinea this year alone, an office in Lagos will add to our intelligence base as well as providing important access to industrial development both on-shore and offshore.” “We welcome our new partners to the role of 23 existing offices and 20 active subsidiary offices, all working 24/7 to support our clients everywhere, every time.” Adamson expressed confidence that CFO & Associates will provide its clients in Nigeria with the quality of service that MTI is known for all over the world, judging by its experience in local crisis/reputation management. Responding, the Managing Director of CFO & Associates, Mr. Charles Igbinidu, said, the role of the firm is to provide strategic and tactical retort to incidents and events likely to attract negative attention to MTI Clients from public and media in Nigeria. According to him, CFO & Associates is experienced in crisis communications and reputation management having successfully developed and executed several crisis management campaigns for many companies and brands across different sectors in the country. “We are delighted to be named representatives of MTI in Nigeria and a member of the largest reputation management institution in the maritime industry in the world” he said.