Leading telecommunications services provider, Airtel Nigeria, in partnership with Runway Jazz, an initiative aimed at promoting Nigeria’s rich music and culture, recently organized a special training for young music and fashion talents in Lagos.  Airtel and Runway Jazz said the initiative was in line with their commitment to empowering and creating opportunities for talented, young Nigerians, The special training, which brought together music producers, writers, instrumentalists, and music/fashion marketers among others, was on the heels of the two-day Runway Jazz music and fashion festival and in commemoration of the 2018 International Jazz Day. At the music master class, Airtel urged the youth to stay through to their passion and to leverage on the opportunities the telco has created through superior mobile Internet to spread their music. Addressing the participants during the fashion master class, Dolapo Osinbajo, wife of the Vice President & founder, Step Up Initiative, called on Nigerian youths to relish their passion, remain focus, collaborate with other talents and should be optimistic that there are better days ahead of them. “The youth are key to the development of every nation. Therefore, it is imperative that our youth remain focus, believe in their dreams and work towards achieving them as entrepreneurs. Don’t be distracted by the challenges you face along the way. You can be whatever you want to be through hard work and dedication”, she said. The event which wrapped up on Sunday was headlined by eight time Grammy Award nominee, Gerard Albright whose musical performance thrilled the audience. Afolabi Kehinde Oke, founder of the Runway Jazz festival, said the third edition of the event is a clear testimony to the passion Nigerians have for fashion and music, also noting that the platform will continue to create massive opportunities for young Nigerians. “We are happy to cross yet another milestone as we celebrate the international jazz day, in fulfillment of the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) mandate”, he said. The main event held on Sunday, April 29 at Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos. The International Jazz Day created by UNESCO in 2001, is a worldwide initiative designed to celebrate jazz music as a symbol of peace and unity among nations.