Engr. Abdullahi Sule, former Managing Director of Dangote Sugar Refinery company has emerged as the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate in Nasarawa state for the 2019 general elections.  His main rival will be 40 year-old Emmanuel David Ombugadu, a member of the House of Representatives, who is the Governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Fifty-nine year-old Sule’s victory was announced in Lafia by Ismail Ahmed, chairman of APC electoral committee represented by the secretary, Abdullahi Candido, after the keenly contested primary by 11 aspirants. Ahmed said that Sule polled 926 votes to defeat the Deputy Governor, Silas Agara and nine other aspirants who participated in the exercise. Aliyu Wadada, a former lawmaker representing Karu/Keffi/ Kokona federal constituency at the National Assembly, placed second having polled a total of 517, while the deputy governor emerged third with 356 votes. Other aspirants include: Halilu Envuluanza, a former Executive Secretary of the National Judicial Council, who polled 246 votes; Arc. Ja’faru Ibrahim, member representing Nasarawa/Toto federal constituency garnered 105 votes while Alhaji Zakari Idde former APC National Vice chairman scored 88 votes. Dr. Dauda Kigbu, Arc. Shehu Tukur, Mohammed Maikaya, James Angbazo and Hassan Liman (SAN) polled Ten, Nine, Eight, Seven and Four votes respectively. He said that 2,341 delegates were expected to participate in the primary election, out of which 2,337 were accredited. All the accredited voted. He explained that 19 votes were voided for either double thumb printing or thumb printing on margin between boxes of two aspirants. Meanwhile, Governor Umaru Al-Makura has commended the peaceful, transparent and fair conduct of the election describing it as the hallmark of the party’s change mantra. Al-Makura appreciated the maturity of all the aspirants and their supporters. He urged them to close ranks with the candidate of the party to win the general election and consolidate on the gains recorded so far in the state. Who is Abdullahi Sule? Sule was born on 26 December 1959 in Gudi Station, Akwanga-west development area of Nasarawa state. According to a bio posted on Facebook, his father is the current traditional ruler (Hakimi) of the village. He began his education at the Roman Catholic Mission (RCM) Primary School, Gudi station in 1968. In 1974, he gained admission into Zang Secondary Commercial School, and later Government College, Bukuru. After his secondary education, he went to Plateau State Polytechnic, Birni-Ladi. In 1980, he left Nigeria on a scholarship to study in the United States, enrolling at Indiana State University , Terre Haute, Indiana. At the end of his four-year scholarship, he had both the B.Sc and M.Sc degrees in mechanical technology and industrial technology. He returned to Nigeria in 1980 and served as a youth corps member with Plateau Utilities Board. He later joined the Jos Steel Rolling Mill in 1985 as a production Engineer. After four years at the mill, he returned to the United States in 1989, where he worked for several companies before again returning to Nigeria in 2000. This time, he co-founded Sadiq Petroleum Nigeria Limited in Lagos and was made the pioneer managing Director/ CEO. Sadiq Petroleum Company that same year participated in the privatisation of African Petroleum plc and won the bid. He became the CEO of AP in 2001 and worked, along with colleagues to turn the company round into profitability. He first joined politics in 2006 and apart from his political and social engagements in Nasarawa, his last post was as the acting Group Managing Director, Dangote Sugar Refinery in Lagos.