Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, on his victory in the presidential primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).  Okowa, whose goodwill message was contained in a statement issued on Sunday by his Chief Press Secretary, Charles Aniagwu in Asaba, also congratulate the party for a successful convention. The governor said that Atiku’s victory at the party primary election was a victory for the party and Nigerians and had expressed hope that the party was set to defeat the ruling APC in 2019 election. He said that he was sure that as the flag bearer of the party, Atiku would leverage on his track record as an entrepreneur and great employer of labour to grow the nation’s economy. He also applauded other aspirants who took part in the keenly-contested primary and urged them to uphold the values and philosophy of the PDP by coming together to support the Atiku in the forthcoming general elections. Okowa said that the party values internal democracy, describing the success of the primary election as another testament to the PDP’s democratic credentials. He also assured members of the party and Nigerians that the party would not rest until they return the country to the path of good governance, rule of law as well as security of lives and property. “Congratulations to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar on winning the PDP Presidential ticket to contest the 2019 general elections. “I have no doubt that Alhaji Abubakar’s track record as an entrepreneur and great employer of labour will be replicated in growing the nation’s economy which will stand him in good stead in the elections. “As a party, the PDP is serious about internal democracy in the party, and the success of the Presidential Primary, with 12 aspirants, further validates our party’s democratic credentials. “Let me assure our party men and Nigerians that we will continue to work hard to lead Nigeria to the next level of its development journey,” Okowa said. Okowa congratulated the party National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus and members of the National Working Committee as well as all other organs of the party on the success of the Party Convention in Port Harcourt. He also appreciate members of the National Convention Planning Committee for their dedication to duty which led to the success of the Convention.