The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Solomon Dalung, on Tuesday urged Nigerian youths to shun the idea of migrating abroad with the hope of continuing their sports career there.  Dalung gave the advice while launching a book, “The Nigeria Sports Book of Records from 1884-2017’’. Our correspondent reports that the book was jointly published by the Ministry of Youths and Sports, the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) and Africa Image. Dalung, while speaking, said Africa and indeed Nigeria remain the next level of civilisation, and moving abroad to practise their trade was a disservice to fatherland. “Africa has the needed talent to rule the world of sports, but most of our talents are running abroad to end up contesting against fellow Africans.’’ The minister said the book has catalogued Nigeria’s achievement in sports from 1884-2017. He said no nation could fully develop without a continuous flashback to the past, for it was in keeping of records history. “We are all aware of the impact a viable sports industry can have on our nation, not just as an employer of labour but as a tool for economic diplomacy. “Other countries have successfully used sports to enhance their global image and ranking and the well-being of their citizens. Therefore, Nigeria cannot be left out. “We have everything it requires to achieve this. The potential for a viable sports industry in Nigeria cannot be underestimated. “Apart from the media, the only other tool that nations use to publicise their prowess in sports is through books, hence the need to support and encourage the author,’’ he said. The minister said the book was an important tool, not just as a resource for research but a tool that helps to position Nigeria’s stand among nations in sports. He said the book was a concise expose on various national and international sports with regards to their origin and present-day roles in harnessing the creative energies of youths. Dalung said further that the book should be recommended for students, Physical and Health Education teachers and sports lovers.