Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, says the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration is committed to creating jobs and empowering young people.  Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Office of the Vice President, in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, said Osinbajo communicated this in Bauchi State. Osinbajo made the pledge while inaugurating the Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) clinic  and Trader Moni in the state. TraderMoni is a Federal Government’s initiative aimed at providing 2 million petty traders across the country with collateral-free loans before the end of the year. The vice president said that the government was focused at ensuring that the resources of the country were used for the benefit of all Nigerians instead of a few individuals. “Our focus from the beginning of the administration is that there must be jobs, enough resources for young men and women to be able to do their work and to contribute their quota to Nigeria’s growth. “That is why the President started the N-Power programme, the Market Moni programme and TraderMoni; that is the reason why the President said that we must have Home-Grown School Feeding programme, to provide opportunities for people. “President Muhammadu Buhari’s commitment to Nigeria is that he will not steal Nigeria’s resources; he will use Nigeria’s money for the benefit of Nigerians; that is the pledge he made the day he became President and he has maintained that pledge until now. “The determination of our government is to see to it that Nigeria’s resources are used for the benefit of Nigerians.” Osinbajo also spoke on the several efforts made by the present administration to improve the lot of the people despite earning less. According to him, Nigeria can afford to provide for its people and that is why the government is determined and committed by making sure that Nigerians especially the young men and women are provided for. He said that for the first time in the history of Nigeria, the government was spending 30 per cent of its income on infrastructure. “That is why we are able to build the Lagos-Kano railway, the Mambila Hydro project and all of the several roads that we have started building. “We are spending Nigeria’s money in the right places and we make sure that nobody steals Nigeria’s money,’’ he said.