Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has advised ational Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members posted to the state to join the campaign against hate speech and fake news in the country.  Ganduje, who was represented by the Commissioner for Information, Mr Muhammed Garba, gave the advice at the NYSC orientation camp, at Karaye, during the oath taking ceremony of 2018 Batch ‘C’ corps members posted to the state for the 2018/2019 service year. According to him, hate speech and fake news have become threats to peace, security and democracy. ‘’We must sensitise our citizens on the dangers they pose, how to spot them and what to do to check the menace of fake news and hate speech. ‘’You should be vigilant and guard your utterances and conduct at all times; you may not need to be over zealous and should resist any temptation that would jeopardise the reputation of your family or this noble scheme.” According to Ganduje, his administration has galvanised and sustained the enabling enviroment in the state for work to thrive and job creation efforts in both public and private sectors for all Nigerians, irrespective of their origin. He said his administration was committed to improving the well-being of the people by delivering on statutory responsibilities to improve security and welfare of corps members serving in Kano State. Earlier in his speech, the NYSC Coordinator in the state, Alhaji Ladan Baba, said that a total of 1,913 corps members comprising 958 males and 955 females were registered at the close of their registration on Wednesday night. The NYSC Coordinator reiterated the appeal to the state government for the quick completion of the general renovation of the camp and the two motorised solar boreholes. He also appealed to the government to rehabilitate the road leading to the camp from Kusallah junction, the release of the 18-seater coaster bus and payment of state allowance to corps members. ‘’These would undoubtedly make the orientation camp more conducive for the much desired impact on these growing leaders and would also encourage them to put in their best,” he pleaded. He also charged them to surbodinate themselves to the rule of law and be vanguards for protecting the growing democracy as the 2019 general elections approaches.